Missed the europe stoxx that lily cole
because it 's not worth it
the good pope I spoke ig beauty parlor cef
in the new area bringing another video
commented to you and we'll talk to you
gta about 6 guys first of all
Nothing, do not despair, Do not try.
bridge jumping still because old calm
not yet announced nothing is just
rumors that some of the information was
allegedly leaked
It's worth remembering, man, I'll leave it at
description a link from a 2009 news
to talk about gta 5 2009
it was still a rumor gta5 and had rumors
saying that the game was going to happen in
London or in old Paris then just to
you see that rumors do not always
It's only for you guys to have a
notion zhiwei but good let's talk to
respect of gta 6 that looks only
allegedly leaked some information
according to these rumors the production
of gta 6 started right after the release
from gta 5 to the pc that was in that year
now I think that in March I do not remember
when exactly was it but at last the
Gta 6 production supposedly started
after the launch of gta 5 for pc is
rockstar does not intend to make just one
map of a specific city type
I do not know where the saints are connected is
second these rumors rockstar intends
to map the entire united states
only that it is obvious that in reduced form in
reduced scale is not with all
ages or anything in this major types
there the main regions of the states
united but a reduced scale
according to rockstar this was the
Her will for gt 5 but then
was not supported on Playstation 3 and
xbox 360 né
due to the hardware of the
seventh generation this would be impossible
but now with the playstation hardware
4 of the last banks xbox and pcs
generation now so that there can
to become reality is something more
plausible in accordance with these
rumors
gta 6 can only be released in 2018
up until
Taking into account that we are there
in front but in 2015 it is what I'm
in this video
we are already there with two years of consoles
seventh generation in good bro
if we were to take into consideration that
gta 6 can leave it between 2018 and 2020
will the playstation 4 xbox send
still set up a strong group as they
are today we will not have
a new platform
according to these rumors the game will be
released for xbox wii and playstation 4
along with pcs also but not old
I know if it's going to happen that neither gta
5 was for example left there at the end
of the seventh generation and they have already
to make a medicine for the octave
I do not know how old this might be
this may be that by 2020 the
consoles are still high is the snag
already may have released in a playlist 151
xbox together on and on to the
release of the alleged gta 6
rockstar plans to continue releasing
free updates to gta 5 for
become an active game until the launch
from gta 6 I understood then until then we will have
more must be from being a hero of history
who knows, it should be obvious that
multiplayer and all this for free as
rockstar has already done in gta5 since
its launch
It is not yet known whether this is true.
said
This is a fake rumor, but it's already worth it.
people stay tuned and on the internet for
see if rockstar does not release some
official thing I sincerely I Jose
I think it's very difficult, I do not know who it is.
I honestly think she's
will produce a gta 65 and I think it will
have a gta 6
but I honestly think it will
happen only in the next generation and a
playstation 15 a new xbox i think
that in this generation in the 8th rockstar
can launch and who knows the new red dead
Some bandit is connected to some game there.
will be at max pn some new game but
science gta
I think that 's what you can
gta 6 pru for the next generation do not know
My opinion, let's wait for any
news any news I bring to
You without a doubt, beauty, guys.
This is it, there's not much to talk about.
thank you to everyone who attended there and
favorite if you liked and do not forget
registering for the channel not to
losing no future are several videos
every day beauty is alright guys
I'm going to stay here, thanks for that hug.